I feel just to build upon on what
baseball is already doing is just to
allow the authenticity to just flourish.
Let's see these players behind the
helmet. What is it they love to do? A
lot of them are so good at other things
than baseball. Hunter Greene is a great
artist. [music] Willy Adames loves
architecture. Like being able to tell
those stories beyond just who they are
as players. Let's see that. Let's
understand that. But then also allow
them to be who they are.
>> [music]
>> Welcome back to The Deal. I'm Jason
Kelly.
>> I'm Alex Rodriguez. [music]
>> Coming up on this week's episode, AJ
Andrews. This is a standout softball
player who's known MLB broadcaster. So,
someone you have a lot of questions for.
[music]
>> Yeah, Jason. Everyone I respect, I want
to ask two questions. Number one, how do
we avoid [music] a Major League Baseball
work stoppage after the 2026 season? And
the second one is, how do we build on
this great momentum that Major League
Baseball has [music] built over the last
6 months?
>> Well, and she has built quite a career
for herself and has, I think, a lot of
opinions about what should happen next.
Coming up in The Deal, AJ Andrews.
All right, AJ Andrews, welcome to The
Deal. We're so excited to have you with
us. Lots to talk about across your
career. We're going to talk a little
LSU, little softball. But I think we got
to start with baseball.
>> Why not?
>> Yeah.
>> Okay.
>> Take it away.
>> So, AJ, first of all, I I love what
you're doing. I'm a big fan of your
work. I'm an admirer from afar.
>> Ditto.
>> Thank you. And uh we have a lot in
common. You know, we're both from
Florida. You grew up in Miami.
[clears throat]
We're both former Gold Glove winners.
>> Uh-huh.
>> Okay.
>> Love that. Thanks for throwing that one
in there.
>> We're in the world of baseball and
covering media. But you and I happen to
be at the World Baseball Classic down in
Miami.
And it seems to me, and Jason, we've
talked a lot about this, that baseball
is could be at an all-time high or is
going through a great moment.
How do you keep baseball going and how
do you see the world of
business and baseball right now?
>> I feel I don't know how you felt at the
World Baseball Classic, but it was one
of the most electric environments I had
ever been able to experience within
baseball. And being able to connect with
so many different fan bases and watch
the games, it felt like postseason
baseball every single game. And so I
feel like within WBC, I feel being able
to allow the players to continue to have
that much enthusiasm, excitement
throughout the regular season, whether
you be pimping it, the celebrations
around the bases, the passion, the
energy. I really feel like people it was
palpable. You could feel it through the
screen. And so for me, I feel like in
order for baseball to continue in that
trajectory,
seeing more of that, I think would be
fun. I feel right now within baseball
and even softball, there's a lot of
playing the right way, whatever that
means. I feel as if players should be
able to express themselves how they want
to express themselves on the field. So I
I see it growing if we can continue in
that trajectory. And also players being
able to wear the swag, the cleats. I
don't know how you feel, you know, you
can now have a beard as a Yankee, you
know, things like that. Like just
different things that we didn't really
see in the past. I think moving
especially in tailoring more toward a
younger generation, I feel like that is
where baseball probably needs to go to
continue to watch.
>> I mean, beer didn't apply to me cuz I'm
still trying to grow a beard and I
>> [laughter]
>> Hey, listen, you look good, but not
everybody can pull it off, right? Beards
are makeup for some men. So
>> [laughter]
>> And so just on the WBC for a second, I
mean, you were you were in the fan zone,
you were doing some broadcasting from
there, but this is about the fans at the
end of the day. What what was the fan
vibe and what did you hear from them, I
guess?
>> Well, I don't know if you guys know, but
I have been adopted by the Venezuelans.
>> Wow.
>> love me over there. It was so fun. I was
I'm huge in Venezuela.
>> [laughter]
>> Huge.
I got to go. I just tried the arepa, so
I understand the arepa power now. Like
I'm in it.
>> [laughter]
>> I'm in there. But I feel like within
with the fans, they just want to be
represented. And because I was out
there, whether it be the US fans,
Venezuela, Dominican Republic, it didn't
matter. The pride within being able to
see people that come from where you come
from excelling on such a high stage in a
sport that means so much to your
country, whether it's the United States
or where have you.
It was so exciting to watch. And I feel
like what the fans really want is to be
able to feel as if they're being
represented in a huge way. So Dominican
Republic, the the energy and their pride
in being able to be the instruments or
being able to dance and celebrate, being
able to see that on the field, it was as
if it was like the pride on display.
Same thing with the Venezuelans. And so
and the same thing in which whatever it
is within American pride, the same thing
being able to watch Aaron Judge walk out
with the flag. Just being able to watch
these things that really dignify or
accentuate who you are as a country,
that's what the fans wanted to see. But
being authentic and expressed to the
fullest extent.
>> So AJ, I have a question. We We had a
debate before every game. We have the
pregame show with Fox with Derek Jeter,
Poppy, myself and Kevin Burkhardt. And
Poppy and I sit in the middle and we
were trying to explain to our cornerman
that for countries like Dominican
Republic or Venezuela, this is bigger
than a World Series. And they had a hard
time really understanding that. Where do
you sit in that role?
>> I agree.
And I mean the players, they they say
it. Like this isn't an opinion. And
right, this is genuinely how they feel,
but it's because it's an opportunity
where
it's just a different feeling when you
can play with individuals that come from
where you come from, have experienced
the same hardships you've experienced,
that look like you, they understand to
the fullest what it took for you to get
here, the pride being able to represent
your country, and there's so many people
at home that would not would kill to be
in Miami to watch these games, right?
And I I mean, I feel like you can relate
it to the Olympics, if you want to,
right? The pride people have for
competing for their country in that
sense. It's the same thing with the WBC,
and so I I feel like it's fairly simple
to understand why it would be a little
bit more impactful
>> Yeah.
>> to some people in a than a World Series.
>> Let's talk about you specifically and
and your career because you hit college
at a moment and and at a school where
softball it it felt like from the
outside at least just was exploding. Did
it feel like something special was
happening in the game and in the sport
when when you were in college?
>> Yeah, I feel because it started getting
more TV time.
>> Yeah.
>> And because of that, I went to the World
Series twice at LSU. So, I went my
freshman year, I went my senior year. I
believe my freshman year, they really
only televising the World Series. Or
maybe maybe there was Supers, but for
the most part, it was the World Series.
By my senior year, you had the
Regionals, the Super Regionals, and the
World Series being televised. And
because of that, you're able to then,
you know, when you watch somebody in the
Regionals, it may be you get attached to
a person or a player, you're going to
watch them throughout the entire time.
But being able to see these different
stories and these different athletes
compete, it was it only exploded and
excelled or propelled what we see today,
where now there's games on every single
weekend, if not every day, with college
softball. And I feel like it that
argument had been going on for so long
between the chicken and the egg of do we
give these women the opportunity to be
on TV, or do we wait till we the
viewership is there and then put them on
TV? And it only proved the point that if
you build it, they will come. Give us an
opportunity to be on television, the
game speaks for itself. Uh if you love
baseball, you're going to love softball.
It's faster pace, there's it's the depth
is different. You have to have quicker
reactions. There's slappers. There's
much easier rows running around. Like
it's just a lot of fun within the game
of softball.
>> speaking his language.
>> what I [laughter] mean? Like there's
just a lot to softball that you don't
necessarily get in baseball. Because of
that, you're going to love both. So like
give it Give it a shot and I feel like
at that time, especially my senior year,
is when it started to explode and now
it's just a supernova.
>> You've seen what happened in WNBA. What
do you think softball can do to learn
from that and what is the future of
softball with these numbers we just
talked about?
>> Yeah, I think it's only going to
continue to get bigger. I mean Kim Eng
is now the commissioner for the AU USL.
And so that's
>> Athletes Unlimited.
>> Athletes Unlimited Softball League. Last
year there were four teams, now there's
six. So it is continuing to grow and now
they actually have cities. Before it was
kind of a barnyard system where you
would move and play them in different
cities, but now they have homes, each
six cities. And so I think that within
what I've seen from
basketball, WNBA, is a lot of it is
storytelling and giving these women the
opportunity to be a 1,000% who they are.
I love it when you can see women in
these positions of she's extremely
powerful or she is dominant. Talking
about her as if she's just completely
taking over the way in which she is. And
I want those story lines to be built the
same way within softball. This past
year, Bri Ellis is someone that comes to
mind. They were comparing her a lot to
Barry Bonds. And so it being the
conversation of okay, well, build upon
that, but hopefully making it her own,
not necessarily like she's the female
Barry Bonds.
>> She's that aspect of that.
>> who is XYZ, the best of the best. And
have those stories where people, you
know, you pique that interest and they
come in and want to watch more. But I
think MLB is doing a good job. They have
the partnership with AU USL now as far
as trying to help with TV,
also making financial help with the
league, but I think we're moving in a
good direction. This is going to be the
second year of AU USL. So my sister's on
the Talons. So if you're looking for
somebody to root for, yeah.
>> Yeah. Okay.
>> The Talons.
>> Well, and and the storytelling piece is
definitely a big part of this. It goes
back to exactly what you guys were
saying about World Baseball Classic.
It's like we want I mean, you've been
saying this like for a long time, you
know, getting to know these players in a
way that
we do get to know NBA players. We do
even more than we used to get to know
NFL players, certainly. Baseball players
are, you know,
kind of hidden from us. And softball
players, I think, the same way. I don't
know if it's the nature of the game or
what it is.
>> Well, I like what you said, AJ. I think
what WBC brings out, it takes the helmet
off the player.
>> Yeah.
>> And it it unveils a person up the person
of who and the why and where you come
from and
the way you fall in love with players,
both men and women, is knowing their
backstory. Where do they come from? Is
there a relatability connect point?
Like, we're both from Florida.
>> Yeah.
>> Gold Glovers. Okay, now we can connect
on that, right? And I think WBC does it
in such a beautiful way that I'm left
starved for more. And I want to see more
players being themselves, being
unapologetic. If they want to wear pink,
orange, green, wear whatever the hell
you want.
>> Yeah.
>> Just play, you know, Edgar Martinez, my
great teammate, Hall of Famer for the
Seattle Mariners, he used to tell me,
Alex, you feel good, you look good, you
play good. And I think that same is true
for all sports.
>> Yeah.
>> Right.
>> I agree. I think, definitely, to your
point, the storytelling would be a great
piece, especially
I feel like what's hot are the girls
that come right out of college.
>> Yeah.
>> Right? So, being able to tell more of
those stories allow people to really
follow them
>> Mhm.
>> teams, [clears throat] because then, of
course, you're fans of them, but then
you become fans of their teammates and
the team. Like, to me, right now, Najee
Kennedy, who's a pitcher at Texas Tech,
who knocked off
the dynasty of OU last year, right? And
so, and she's the one that has the first
million with Mahomes at Texas Tech. And
so, being able to follow her, right?
Tell that storytelling, to your point,
build that story, build it upon whatever
team she's going to be with AU and then
that's be able to build upon that. Same
thing with a lot of different athletes
that are going to be coming out. I think
that's a good way to do it to build the
fandom and the stories.
>> So Jason, I love what AJ saying here
like a deal on a deal here cuz I love
riding up the wave and the momentum of
the college into the way the fanfare
into the next level. Well, you create a
Netflix show or Bloomberg show or
whatever and you follow six of your
favorite women's softball players and
you do a journey about 18 months from
the time their senior year to their
first year in
>> Yeah.
>> kind of take us under the challenges,
the travel
>> Right.
What it looks like.
>> What it looks like exactly.
>> Listen, I'll host if you guys want to
fund.
>> There you go.
>> All right, we're putting that out we're
putting that [laughter] out into the
world.
>> There's a really cool moment and I want
you to share the story with our audience
where
you obviously you're interested in
business, you're interested in the
business of sports.
You've got your mindset on being a
sports agent and Jessica Mendoza says,
"What about this other path?" Can you
tell us that story?
>> Yeah. So it was my senior year in
college and I had been asked a lot to do
a lot of interviews and so Jessica
Mendoza was one of the individuals that
would often interview me.
And I remember it was after we had SEC
tournament was at LSU in my senior year.
And so she just asked me after one of
the interviews if I ever thought about
being on camera.
And at that point I was actually already
on camera. I had a show called My Way
with AJ at LSU. It was just a YouTube
show. I just competed against the
different LSU athletes. Um so I told her
I was like, "Yeah, I'd love to. I just
never envisioned a career in it." And so
after she said that to me though, I
really just started thinking a little
bit more of it. And I said, "Okay, yeah,
that's actually something I would like
to do." And so I went back to school,
got my master's degree in in mass comm
and broadcast journalism.
>> That's incredible. My story with
Jessica, I I know her Jason. I haven't
told you this. We've known each other
since basically teenagers because first
time I started falling in love with
softball that I had real exposure was
that Jenny Finch, Jessica Mendoza, US
Olympic team.
And we did a a little TV thing at uh the
All-Star game, and we've been friends
ever since. Then of course we work
together at ESPN on Sunday Night
Baseball. So she's fantastic. But my
question is, what are the advantages of
being a former athlete turned
broadcaster? And is there any
disadvantages?
>> I think the advantages are you're able
to kind of see things in a different
perspective when you're explaining,
whether it be to the public, to the
fans, or just having conversations with
the athlete because when you're talking
about maybe a play that happened and in
ideal world this is what could have
happened or should have happened. You're
able to explain why maybe that didn't go
the way that it was supposed to go or
could have gone. And then in the same
conversation, if you're having
conversation with the athlete, you're
able to explain or talk to them as like,
"No, I understand this is what happened.
So why did you do this? So cuz I would
have done it this way or I know
so-and-so does it this way. Does it help
you because of this?"
>> Yeah.
>> And so I think if you being able to have
the the knowledge or the experience as
an athlete, even if it's a different
sport, uh everybody knows that drive and
the competitiveness it takes to get to
from point A to point B. And I think
being able to relate in that fashion
allows conversations to flow in a
different way or for you to explain
things that maybe might be a little bit
different. I'm curious if you feel the
same way.
>> I do. I do. And I think one of the
things that
I really was really careful in my early
days with broadcasting was as a former
athlete
you can
talk above the the audience a little
bit. And I always thought my audience
were my two daughters, right? When they
were in third and fifth grade, really
kind of unpack it, where it's really
digestible.
>> Mhm.
>> But also I think practicing empathy and
compassion cuz they say the further you
get away from your playing days and the
further you get away from the field the
easier it is for you. And you You forget
how hard the game is Cuz it is really
really difficult. So I think explaining
that and giving it its due justice, I
think is equally as important as uh
trying to make it sound like everything
should be done or should have done it
better.
>> Exactly. That's how I feel in regards to
saying yes, I understand that this is
what should have happened. To me it's
kind of be like listen, they know that.
There's nobody beating them up right now
more than they are in their own mind as
that athlete. And so what they're going
to do or what they should do, the
adjustment they're probably looking to
make is this. And I think to your point,
that empathy.
>> I love AJ what you said about sometimes
on TV when you slow it down 500 times
with 25 TV angles, it looks so simple at
home. But I think I like what you said,
yes he should have made that play. He'll
be the first one to say that, but think
about it this way.
>> Or even the first thing that comes to my
mind is the first time I transitioned
from center field to left field. And
if you have never been put in left field
and had a lefty come up to bat against a
pitcher that throws a screwball, the
ball you have you wouldn't know if you
didn't take reps. You would not know
that no matter where you are, worst
place, that batter is going to start
here but it will always end over here.
So you have to know that no matter how
much you want to take that step to your
right, you have to go left. Cuz it's
going to go left. And if you haven't
played that even if you're a softball
player, baseball player, if you have not
gone to left field because that from
center field I'm not going to be able to
tell you that. I only know that because
I played left. So I I do believe being
an athlete in that regard,
it really helps break down the game
another layer.
>> Jason, I want to nerd out a bit.
She's going to make me I'm going to I'm
going to You've never heard me talk deep
baseball, but AJ's getting the best out
of me.
When I went from shortstop to third base
as a New York Yankee, a little bit like
you going from center to left, very
similar,
is I was I had no problem with fly
balls. Cuz fly balls for shortstop,
they're true. They stayed very true. And
if it was way to my right, like, you
know, the third baseman had it.
I came to Yankee Stadium and I played
third base, and I would see balls that
would start like in the upper deck.
>> Mhm.
>> And I would just give up on it, and that
ball would start coming back, coming
back, coming back.
>> Yes.
>> And all of a sudden, it got into my
head, I was terrible with fly balls the
last five or six years [laughter] of my
career. If a ball went up, I would say,
"Cheater!"
It was crazy, so I can relate with that.
But, how can someone like at home like
Jason know that? Like, he just says a
fly ball is a
>> Exactly. But, not all fly balls are
created equal.
>> They're not created equal, and the sun
is the biggest bully.
>> Yeah.
>> All right, so let's talk about Major
League Baseball a little bit. You've got
a show on the MLB Network, Play Ball,
Saturday mornings, right?
>> Yeah, Play Ball.
>> So, this is fascinating to me because
it's coming at this moment, as Alex said
earlier, where
baseball's in growth mode, maybe for the
first time in a while, like really sort
of feeling like, all right, we're going
to bring new people in. Help us
understand sort of the business case for
for the show, and and sort of how it how
it came about, and and what you're
excited about.
>> Sure. So, I've been hosting Play Ball
for the last four years. It's very much
tailored towards kids, but it is a
highlight show that just kind of
showcase what happens the week prior
within baseball. And then, it's a lot of
giving instruction, or you'll have a lot
of players talk about their favorite
moments, their big moments, what it is
that they did when they were younger,
big inspiration. And then, also kind of
breaking down a lot of different plays,
or maybe there was a really good a good
play that happened, or a great hit. A
lot of times they'll have me do demos.
So, I'll demonstrate
a slide, a Turner slide, or if it was a
catch from Judge, or if it was a great
diving play somebody made. So, it's a
lot of different parts, a lot of moving
parts, but it's tailored to try to be
fun for the kid to get invested into it,
the child to get invested.
>> All right, so as we wrap up, there's one
thing that I wanted to do with with both
of you, which is very of the moment when
it comes to baseball.
And Alex teed it up at the beginning of
the episode, which is
critical moment.
What needs to happen next? I'm going to
give you 30 seconds.
>> Ah!
>> What needs to happen?
>> Oh god.
Baseball needs to
>> than 30 seconds.
>> Okay, okay, thanks.
>> [snorts]
>> Yeah, I felt the the timer ticking
ticking.
I feel just to build upon what
baseball's already doing is just to
allow the authenticity to just flourish
and the biggest facets. I believe
storytelling as well. Let's see this
play these players behind the helmet.
What is it they love to do? A lot of
them are so good at other things than
baseball. Yeah. Hunter Greene is a great
artist. Willy Adames loves architecture.
Like being able to tell those stories
beyond just who they are as players.
Let's see that. Let's understand that.
But then also allow them, once you see
who they are, allow them to be who they
are. When they get on the field. And so,
I don't know. I'm a big big bat flip
fan. I'm a big go around the bases loud
as you can. The way in which they were
showing off the Dominican Republic
jersey, let them do it with the Rays
jersey
or Yankees jersey or whatever.
Uh that's to me I feel like that's the
next move. I feel like kids love it.
>> More bat flips.
>> More more everything. More just be
authentic. I mean, I think forever
baseball
was America's pastime and it was number
one above football and basketball. I'm
dating myself a little bit back in the
'70s and '80s.
But I do think they need to just let it
rip. More access in the clubhouse.
Everything magical happens before the
first pitch, but yet we lock that down.
And I think it's a great media
multi-billion dollar media property if
we unlock that and allow people to see
how does Ohtani prepare? How does Judge
prepare? Adames,
what's he doing? I think it's a great
opportunity for baseball. More is more.
>> Do you think there's going to be a
lockout?
>> It sounds like it.
>> Yeah.
>> It sounds like it. But you know what's
great about that? I mean, it's not
great, but you know what
>> Please tell me.
>> [laughter]
>> What you can do if you are starving for
a baseball, you can watch Athletes
Unlimited Softball League and listen to
my podcast where I'm talking all things
women in softball and also baseball.
>> name of your podcast?
>> Dropping Bombs.
>> Okay.
>> on and drop I want you guys to come on.
Come on in.
>> would love to go on. He's really good.
>> [laughter]
>> If you were coming up now, would you
play baseball?
>> No, I still probably would be softball.
>> Yeah.
>> I think it's just different. For me,
what drew me I played a lot of different
sports when I was younger. So, I played
soccer, I played basketball, played
softball and everything else was very
it's it's sports, right? And from
softball, I remember the my first memory
why I loved the game I made a diving
catch on a really It was really wet
outside from Florida dewy grass and I
slid like it was a slip and slide. And
so, I was hooked. And so, for me there's
the aspects that you get with softball
that you're just not going to get any
other sport, I think are what hooked me.
So,
>> Yeah.
>> I think it'd still be softball.
>> All right. All right, let's do rapid
fire. So, it's just a handful of
questions. Just first thing that that
pops to your mind, we'll bounce it back
and forth.
>> Okay.
>> Um you're going to be really good at
this. All right.
>> Favorite baseball player of all time.
>> All time? Uh Griffey.
>> Favorite softball player of all time.
>> Natasha Watley.
>> Favorite World Baseball Classic 2026
game or moment.
>> [music]
>> Probably me moment was me celebrating
with the Venezuelans when they beat
Italy.
>> Most exciting MLB player.
>> Hm.
I love watching Jazz.
Jazz Chisholm play.
>> Storyline you're most looking forward to
in the '26 MLB season.
>> What the Mariners are going to do after
after last year.
>> What team do you want to see win a
championship more than any other?
[music]
>> Ooh, the Mariners.
>> I really wanted them to win last year. I
told you. I'm a Mariners fan.
>> Wow.
>> I just think it if if we
>> Explain this to me. You're a Tampa girl.
>> I know. I know.
>> former team. What is that about?
>> I know. You know, it's not I just think
it would have been really cool to watch
them win.
>> Yeah.
>> The first one.
>> Yeah, they had a good run.
>> I'm a big underdog person, so.
>> And finally, what's your dream hosting
gig?
>> Hmm.
That's fun. Probably get all the greats
in every sport ever, and we just have
one big
show of who's the best.
>> Wow.
>> It's like a like all
Olympics, yeah.
>> Woah.
>> When do we show up?
>> Right?
>> [laughter]
>> You, too.
>> All right. I'll I'll be there on the
I'll be there on the sidelines
documenting it. Uh AJ, this was really,
really fun. Thank you for doing this.
>> Thank you. Thank you for having me.
>> [music]
[music]